Your team or team's learning and adjusting to Agile takes time,
and one of the best ways to learn Agile and sprint,
well, is just do it.
So be patient, and, in fact,
with each sprint you will incrementally learn and
iterate into a well-oiled machine.
Whether an Agile team, or any team for that matter,
it takes time for a team to gel and work well together.
When you add a whole new way of building software
different from what they have done, possibly for many years,
it may take longer than you think to become a high- performance Agile team.
Be prepared for some team conflict.
In other words, conflict may show that real communication is happening.
When I use the word conflict, I mean differences of opinion,
some discord,
and even some tension in the team will likely be part of the learning process,
so don't be too alarmed.
For the team to be saying what they really think is so important and
can be the foundation of productive collaboration.
Indirect communication just wastes time.
We always want open and honest communication at all times.
Leave your ego at the door please.
Promote professional behavior at all times,
and make it clear that respect and trust are paramount for the team's success. Unprofessional behavior is never tolerated on my watch.